Ryan Rosiak
COSC 220-001
Project 2 REAME File
10/23/19

Project Description:

This project is a game that represents a very old game that is played in Hanoi called the Towers of
Hanoi. This program is built with a linked list stack. There are three instances of stacks within
the main function and there are disk objects that are passed between them to represent someone
picking up and placing the disks onto each stack. The program demonstrates the basic functions of a 
stack such as pushing on to and popping off of the stack all the while abiding by the rules of the 
game such as a bigger disk cannot be placed on top of a smaller one. There is a little bit of extra
manipulation needed in order to implement the stack correctly with the game rules. This program also
introduces a concept of taking more than one argument at runtime. The program requires that there 
are only two arguments allowed to be passed, no more, no less. Not only this, but there is 
validation on the number that is entered through the second argument to ensure that the program runs
smoothly. Lastly, the game also has a win condition that is checked so that the game can feel like
a real game as well as a recursive algorithm that can print out the optimal moves to win for the 
user.

Files to pay attention to:

main.o, HanoiStack.o, Disk.o - These are the three linker files that are needed for compilation

main - Output file that is run when the program is executed by the user

Makefile - File that allows the user to compile without having to input specific commands

Makefile Instructions:

To compile the Program:
Type "make" without the quotes and the program will compile everything together for you. Then 
proceed with using ./main (numOfDisks) numOfDisks being the amount of disks that you would like
to start with, to run the program. If any timestamp errors or weird compilation errors occur, then
typ "make clean" to clea all of the .o files and then rerun the "make" command to compile the 
program from scratch.

Instructions for Program:

Follow the Makefile instructions above to run the program without any manual work. If you are not
using Makefile, then you must compile all 4 .cpp files together into .o files using the g++ -c 
command. Then you must link them and compile all while labeling the output file as main. 
**You must use -std=c++11 within your compilation steps
**You must use no more or less than 2 arguments (ex. ./main 5)
**Your second argument must be between 1 and 10 inclusive
**Error messages are application specific
**Compilation and running is for command line interfaces only
